---
layout: post
bg: "ireland.jpg"
title:  Leaving Ireland
date:   2019-04-015 22:50:10 
categories: jekyll photo-gallery
---

<b>ENGLISH</b>
The past two weeks we spent in the north of Germany at Philipp's parents place in a small village close to Bremen. Things were in general rather quiet, as we tried to enjoy as much of the spring weather as possible while still working on our blog, and preparing the last missing bits and pieces for the first leg of our journey.

All our belongings arrived save and sound, and it was time to put our bikes together again. Thankfully, it seems Phil didn't do any lasting damage to them! We unpacked some of our more delicate belongings as well that wouldn't survive such a long time boxed up. Annette began to work on her own blog as well, that she is doing separately to this one, and which is focused on tech. Check it out [here!](https://arfro.github.io/). Aside from her work on both of the blogs, Annette learned quite a bit of German, and spent a lot of time reading books which are set at some of our destinations.

We went on a little hike in a nearby forest, visited the local water park and tested out a nearby indoor trampoline place. Phil also managed to track down his perfect travel watch for the trip after an unpleasant experience on Ebay. That should have wrapped up our preparations.. until he lost his belt. But that is maybe a story for another time.

We have our flight to Manchester in two days, and things are getting real now! This evening we spent test packing our backpacks for what must surely be the 13th time. But this should be the last time, everything is stowed away neatly now, and we have managed to fill up every last corner of our backpacks.

<b>POLSKI</b>

<b>DEUTSCH</b>